docs/_includes/sources-and-uses.md, before:

## Raw Code

Place the introducing line of text ie.) the 'tagline' here ...

```liquid
{% raw %}
`...`
{% endraw %}
```

### Anchors

This is a test sentence for the internal page anchor #1 in red => MMINAIL [[1](#MMINAIL){:.red}].

The reference points to the first internal citation [[MMINAIL](#MMINAIL){:.red}] below.

By clicking on either the red [1] above, or the red [MMINAIL] ...
{:.red}

The reader will be hyperlinked to the bottom of the page directly to the referenced citation.

## Sources and Uses

The source and use of 3rd party materials in the creation of this **Markdown** page is greatly appreciated.

Most authors and publishers will allow for the abbreviated reproduction of their works in part when the case of brief quotations or ideas embodied in critical articles or reviews becomes necessary to further the understanding of the end-user's learning process, and to help subsequently clarify the original thoughts the author is attempting to convey.

Indeed, ping-backs to original sources are welcome by the readers, the authors, and the publishers of instructional hard copies.

Therefore, it is the policy of the MMINAIL [[1](#MMINAIL){:.red}] to always provide a **Ping Back** to the original author, or to the publisher of the original publication when citing 3rd party work.

**Note**. Please support the authors and publishers who aggregate the **Source Links** for our projects.

### Inline References

1. {:#MMINAIL}The [MMINAIL](https://mminail.github.io/){:title="Click to Visit the Concept Library of the Medical Marijuana Initiative of North America - International Limited, an Arizona Benefit Corporation"}{:target="_blank"} is an acronym for the Medical Marijuana Initiative of North America - International Limited, an Arizona Benefit Corporation. Published by © 2017 [Mminail.github.io](https://mminail.github.io/){:title="Click to Visit the Concept Library of the Medical Marijuana Initiative of North America - International Limited, an Arizona Benefit Corporation"}{:target="_blank"}.

### External Sources

- The [Project Source Links](https://mminail.github.io/Shell/Source-Shell-Links.htm){:title="Click to Visit the Source Links page of the Shell Lessons Project at GitHub pages"}{:target="_blank"}. Published by © 2017 [Mminail.github.io](https://mminail.github.io/){:title="Click to Visit the Concept Library of the Medical Marijuana Initiative of North America - International Limited, an Arizona Benefit Corporation"}{:target="_blank"}.

Commit message:

Update brackets ide
Update sources and uses md

docs/_includes/sources-and-uses.md, after:

## Sources and Uses

The source and use of 3rd party materials in the creation of this **Markdown** page is greatly appreciated.

Most authors and publishers will allow for the abbreviated reproduction of their works in part when the case of brief quotations or ideas embodied in critical articles or reviews becomes necessary to further the understanding of the end-user's learning process, and to help subsequently clarify the original thoughts the author is attempting to convey.

Indeed, ping-backs to original sources are welcome by the readers, the authors, and the publishers of instructional hard copies.

Therefore, it is the policy of the MMINAIL [[1](#MMINAIL){:.red}] to always provide a **Ping Back** to the original author, or to the publisher of the original publication when citing 3rd party work.

**Note**. Please support the [co-workers](https://mminail.github.io/Donate/Learn-To-Donate-Now.htm){:title="Click to Donate To the Concept Library of the Medical Marijuana Initiative of North America - International Limited, an Arizona Benefit Corporation"}{:target="_blank"} who aggregate the **Source Links** for our projects.

### Inline References

1. {:#MMINAIL}The [MMINAIL](https://mminail.github.io/Donate/Learn-To-Donate-Now.htm){:title="Click to Donate To the Concept Library of the Medical Marijuana Initiative of North America - International Limited, an Arizona Benefit Corporation"}{:target="_blank"} is an acronym for the Medical Marijuana Initiative of North America - International Limited, an Arizona Benefit Corporation. Published by © 2017 [Mminail.github.io](https://mminail.github.io/){:title="Click to Visit the Home page of the Concept Library of the Medical Marijuana Initiative of North America - International Limited, an Arizona Benefit Corporation"}{:target="_blank"}.
